hey guys today I did this makeup
tutorial for you is my quick everyday
wear to work where wherever you want
makeup tutorial I hope you guys like it
it was very easy just a few products met
you it's very simple just a few products
used you can switch them out for colors
that are similar you do not have to use
the brands that I used obviously you can
use drugstore high-end whatever you want
to do but this is my everyday don't want
to be too glam but still want to look
put together makeup so I hope you guys
enjoy if you guys want to see how I did
my full Foundation and brow and
concealer and all that routine I will
link all those videos in the description
of this video just to make this one
faster I don't want to do that in every
single video and now I'm going to move
on to my eyes I'm going to be using two
different products on my eyes I'm going
to be using the melt dark matter eyes
shadow stack and the makeup geek Z
palette and I'm going to be mostly be
sticking to Coco bear and maybe some of
these other neutrals but it's a very
simple look I've already primed my
eyelids with the Mac soft ochre Paint
Pot and now I'm going to take a sigma
e-40 blending brush and the Mac Pro
emphasize shaping powder and I'm going
to just put that all over my lids just
to make it easier for my shadows to
blend and I'm going to go in with blur
from the melt cosmetics dark matter'
eyeshadow stack and I'm going to take
the same Sigma e-40 blending brush and
really blend that out all over as my
very lowest transition shape then I'm
going to take my zoeva luxe soft definer
brush and the color unseen from the dark
matter stack and I'm going to put that a
little lower down into the crease then
I'm going to get some tweezers and pluck
some of these stray brow hairs because
know then I'm going to use my it
cosmetics airbrush splint
then I'm going to use my it cosmetics
air brush blending crease brush and I'm
going to take the color Coco bear from
makeup geek and I'm just going to place
that in the outermost corner and sort of
smoke it inwards you'll see
now I'm going to take my Sigma e-40
tapered blending brush and I'm going to
blend all of this top part out to where
there's no harshness like that
and to highlight certain areas like the
inner corners of my eyes my brow and
then right here with which is the inner
corners I'm going to be using my Mac
shaping powder and emphasize I'm just
going to place it exactly where I want
can also take a bit of this emphasized
shaping powder and apply it to your
Cupid's bow and the tip of your nose
tiny bit down the bridge now with the
zoeva luxe petit crease brush I'm going
to take the color Coco bear and I'm
going to just run that under my lower
lash line to smoke out the bottom then
taking that air brush blending crease
brush from it cosmetics and with no for
extra product on it I'm just going to
smoke and blend that out
now instead of doing the wing which is
sort of my signature thing I'm not gonna
do a wing today because I'm just going
to hang out with some friends and I just
wanted something that looks nice on my
eyes but not overkill so all I'm gonna
do is take a bit of my Rimmel
scandaleyes black kohl pencil and run it
along my lower and upper waterline and
then I'm gonna smudge that out a little
bit now today I'm not gonna use any
false lashes because like I said I'm
going over to my friends house and I
don't need this big dramatic makeup look
so all I'm gonna do is use my Tarte
lights camera lashes mascara and I'm
gonna do a couple of coats I don't
really like to curl my lashes I do but I
never really noticed that much of a
difference so I'm not gonna do it today
because it's just a waste of time girl
now that the eyes are finished I'm going
to warm up my face using my Anastasia
contour kit and my benefit hoola bronzer
I'm going to start off contouring and
then I'm going to bronze up my face with
the contour I'm going to take a mixture
of these three colors I just go to and
I'm using this duo fiber brush that I
got from my Coastal Scents like I said
one of the first brushes I ever got back
um it comes in like this large Coastal
Scents kit but I find that it works
really well especially for contour
because it's not overly harsh it's not
so dense because it's got these little
flicky fibers on the end where it's not
so dense that it's gonna make my contour
look real weird
then I'm going to take the small brush
that comes with the benefit hoola
bronzer and I'm going to swirl it around
in there tap off the excess and just
gently take that up on the high plains
of my face get this out of my face
then I'm going to take a little bit of
the balms mary-lou manizer on my Sigma
tapered highlighter brush at 35 and I'm
going to just tap off a lot of the
excess and gently highlight my
cheekbones
then I am going to take my Knicks sir
sir see circus and I am going to apply
that just to my entire lip and then I'm
going to go over it with my Gerard
cosmetics 1995 lipstick for my blush I'm
going to use my vincent longo Desert
Rose dewdrop blush and I'm just going to
do a light wash of that over my cheeks
alright guys thank you so much for
watching if you would like to please
subscribe to my youtube channel it will
update you when I put out new videos
also if you would like to follow me on
Instagram Facebook and Twitter those are
all attribute et I'm also starting
vlogging I'm gonna be doing that a lot
more so keep an eye out for weekly vlogs
they're not gonna be daily vlogs but
they will be weekly vlogs kind of
matched into one yeah so I'm vlogging
today I've logged the last few days and
when I feel like I've got enough good
footage I will throw them all together
and you will watch it alright guys thank
you guys so much for watching and I will
see you at my next video bye